# Preparation meeting on 2024-10-21/22

This will be a virtual meeting via zoom, and we will record the sessions / take notes to allow for those with conflicting schedules / time zones to follow the conversations.

We will hold the sessions in the afternoon to ease participation from the Americas.

Please [register to receive the zoom link](https://events.dkrz.de/e/global-hackathon-tech-prep)

## Agenda draft

## Monday 2024-10-21

| Time in CEST (UTC+2)| What                            | Who |
|-----------|---------------------------------|-----|
| The setting |||
| 15:00 | Round of introductions, agenda , ...           | all, Flo (DKRZ) |
| 15:20 | Idea and goals of the hackathon | Bjorn Stevens (MPI-M) |
| 15:45 | A typical hackathon agenda | Yuting Wu (MPI-M)|
| 16:00 | [Useful datasets](../../talks/technical/useful_datasets/index.qmd) |  Tobi (MPI-M) |
| 16:15 | Regional grids | Andreas Prein (ETHZ)|
| 16:30 | The experimental protocols | Daisuke Takasuka (Tohoku Univ)|
| 17:00 | Discussion on the setting and data | all|
| 17:30 | ☕️ Coffee break | all |
| Data access |||
| 17:45 | [Zarr and other stores](../../talks/technical/storing_data/index.md) | Flo |
| 18:00 | [Catalogs](../../talks/technical/catalogs/index.qmd)  | Tobi (MPI-M)|
| 18:15 | [Storage requirements](../../talks/technical/storage-requirements/index.md) | Flo (DKRZ)|
| 18:30 | Open discussion | all|
| 19:00 | End|            all |

## Tuesday 2024-10-22

| Time in CEST (UTC+2)| What                            | Who |
|-----------|---------------------------------|-----|
| Working with the data | |
| 15:00 | Welcome back and recap |Flo|
| 15:15 | [Uxarray](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13VSlLrSNZ8gD6ohJoDhe6gkHgiNle8SxkwlkZ-1Rpgw/edit?usp=sharing) | Orhan Eroglu / John Clyne (UCAR) |
| 15:30 | [easygems and other python packages](../../talks/technical/python_packages/index.md) | Lukas (MPI-M)|
| 15:45 | [Storm trackers](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TBZXLU0d7YI2H5_BMaZ0Q2NkvHNlyeAv/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=111640771267097579003&rtpof=true&sd=true) | Paul Ulrich (LLNL)|
| 16:00 | [Processing needs, incl. py envs,...](../../talks/technical/processing_needs/index.md) | Lukas |
| Documentation and collaboration ||
| 16:15 | documentation: [Project Pythia](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11y1QQB_hxt0O7hol47ma4BDbd96e45UZOX3M57TcT_s/edit?usp=sharing), [easy.gems.dkrz.de](https://easy.gems.dkrz.de) | John Clyne (UCAR), Tobi?|
| 16:45 | Collecting code and results across nodes | Nikolay Koldunov (AWI)|
| 17:00 | ☕️ Coffee break | |
| Working from here ||
| 17:30 | What's open, next steps | all, Flo|
| 19:00             | End ||
